h1. ActsAsDebated

Based off of acts_as_rateable, this simplified rating system provides a +1 / -1 debate system on your model. The debated score is calculated by the sum of response scores.

Full rSpec suite is provided but you'll need to replace @model with an instance of one of your own models utilizing the mixin.

h2. Example

h3. Run the debateable_migration:

<code>
script/generate debateable_migration
rake db:migrate
</code>

h3. Declare the mixin within a model of your choice:

<code>
class Topic < ActiveRecord::Base
   acts_as_debated
end
</code>

h3. Utilize the instance methods as you wish.

<code>
Topic.create!(:name => 'test').debated_by?(user)       # => false
Topic.first.thumbs_up_from(user)                       # => #<Debateable id: ...
Topic.first.debated_score                              # => 1
Topic.first.thumbs_down_from(user)                     # => #<Debateable id: ...
Topic.first.debated_score                              # => -1
Topic.first.thumbs_down_from(another_user)             # => #<Debateable id: ...
Topic.first.debated_score                              # => -2
Topic.first.debated_by?(user)                          # => true
</code>

h3. Get results by debate score.

You can easily retrieve your objects sorted by debate score by using the class method 'order_by_score' which supports :order, :limit, :offset.

<code>
MyTopic.order_by_score                                   # => Finds all score value desc...
MyTopic.order_by_score(:limit => 2)                      # => Finds the two top rated items
</code>

Finally you can extend an association on a parent object to get ranked results as well. For example if Topic belongs to Forum we can do this:

<code>
class Forum < ActiveRecord::Base
   has_many :topics, :extend => ActiveRecord::Acts::Debated::OrderByScore
end

Forum.first.topics.order_by_score                                 # => Scoped by owner id.
Forum.first.topics.order_by_score(:limit => 5, :order => :asc)    # => Find the 5 lowest.
</code>

Copyright (c) 2009 Jim Jeffers, released under the MIT license
